link to finished codepen 

https://codepen.io/pnigh89/pen/OJNjedJ?editors=1100

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 It is HTMl that gives context to my mark up
    2. What is HTML used for? 
It's used for the structure of my website 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute gives more info about elements. Put in tags
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Used for site title. Use once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    href and src 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    header
    7. What is an id? 
    a specific element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    all?
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    a group of elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    all?
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many as you need
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target=_blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    labeling the image
    15. How do I reference an id?
    octothorp+ID
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section is semantic. Div is not.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Styling html elements
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {
    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class is a group of elements. An ID is a specific element. Use class when you have multiple elements you want to style the same. IDs primarily for anchoring but also when styling specific elements 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Selects only the immediately proceeding element from a previous element. Useful to select on part of a larger element
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a:link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A way to select an element in a specific state, like :hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? 
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase;
    text-transform: lowercase;
    text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    .div {
        border-style: dotted;
        border-color: black;
        border-width: 1px;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm file.txt 
    Be careful because irreversible
    34. Why should I use version control? Maintains history of changes made
    35. How often should I commit to github? Rule of thumb every 15-20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. Fork repo
        2. Add TL as reviewer
        3. Clone repo in github
        4. Open intended directory in terminal
        5. Clone repo in terminal
        6. cd into what was just cloned
        7. Create personal branch (using Firstname-Lastname format)
        8. enter "code ." in terminal to open VS code and start work
        9. When ready to commit save changes in VS code then (next 3 steps to commit)
        10. git add .
        11. git commit -m "Explanatory message of changes made"
        12. git push -u origin branch-name
        13. Open forked repo on github
        14. Select your branch under where the master is default selected
        15. Click 'Compare and pull request'
        16. click 'base repository' drop down and select your forked repo
        17. Add your reviewr (TL in this case)
        18. Create pull request and wait for TL to review. DO NOT MERGE
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 